the government will never involve in the search for conspiracy . "
our position will always aimed at protecting our national interests . "
his murder victim turned out to be his former teacher .
this case set off a mighty uproar among the locals .
the nightmare took place on may 28 of this year .
as ordinary readers or audience , people are naturally curious about her encounter .
over here , all dogs wear a muzzle and are led by their owner .
however , dogs are after all not toys without a life .
we are deeply saddened and sorry for the passing of mr. fok .
i believe there is a detail that worth mentioning .
this phenomenon is especially obvious in the cold winter .
the most beautiful scar on earth will probably disappear .
the practical issue that local residents face is to extricate themselves from poverty .
i never thought that it was in reality an " extended welcome . "
it was not to make the atmosphere even more imposing .
there were at least three states in germany where electricity stopped .
there have been no reports of damages so far .
" what caused the returning tide of troubles in the mines ? "
this was the topic of an investigative piece on the xinhua website yesterday .
why did the tide return ?
the report provided a detailed analysis and clearly laid out several causes .
joined the chinese communist party in the winter of the same year .
the new china and african countries formally established diplomatic ties 50 years ago .
this was the first illegal hunting conviction in chengdu city .
april and may of each year is the season when birds are born .
the notice immediately received warm response after it was issued .
mafia head killedaustralian police concerned it will lead to a chain reaction of retaliation
repairing tense diplomatic relationshigh @-@ level two @-@ day talks between china and japan ended
distribution rights for the documentary an inconvenient truth change hands
the u.s. house passes a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program
latin jazz pioneer ray barretto has died he has died at the age of 76
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
xinhua news agency , reporters zhao qing and yang shilong
a victory in one general election means the beginning of the next general election .
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
the five main coastal areas benefiting from the policies are : ...
dalian 's changxin island port adjacent industrial zone , ...
liaoning dandong industrial park , ...
... and dalian huayuankou industrial park .
the reporter saw people on potsdam street holding signs looking to purchase movie tickets .
burundian president : ex @-@ rebels to join army 's leadership
north korea said to allow a u.s. delegation to visit yongbyon nuclear facilities
u.s. waiting for israel 's clarification on golan heights settlement plans
however , israel 's response failed to remove the doubts of u.s. government .
he reiterated washington 's opposition to any new settlement activity .
many arabian countries condemned the occupying move as illegal .
united states is seeking north korea 's undertaking to scrap its nuclear weapon program .
schools refuse to admit hiv kids : priest took issue to court
who experts went to guangzhou again for causes of sars
iraqi police and british soldiers killed 6 civilians in a protest by unemployed workers
nine died in the incident .
growing friction in the command chain of liberia 's largest rebel group
u.s. hopes asian countries will leave the mad cow fears behind
summit of the americas : bush barely keeps the free trade zone plans
iran 's political struggle intensifies : reformists threaten to resign from government
democratic party : baghdad blast is evidence of a failure of u.s. policy in iraq
dean has put his election focus on opposing the iraq war .
democrats criticized bush for creating a new axis of evil
however , qadhafi did not give in under the heavy pressure .
one of the important topics for discussion in this meeting is the cross atlantic relation .
this is obviously a new trend worthwhile attention and study .
the two world wars are the proof .
three killed when two vehicles collided in an accident in zhejiang , china
at that time , the road was very foggy and visibility was poor .
they have brought relief resources including plastic sheets and tents etc.
in france , the american food and beverage culture has been subjected to some discrimination throughout history .
in france , starbucks will serve customers with both paper and porcelain cups .
however , u.s. did not comply with the wto ruling .
however , there is also a lot of trouble for being in the first place in so many areas .
nevertheless , the situation has changed completely in the past one or two years .
under such doubts , people are no longer talking that generously .
however , he also left himself a graceful way to back out .
cheney is 63 years old and has suffered four heart attacks .
ukraine crisis causing tensions between east and west to dominate osce meeting
bush 's major test : intelligence reform bill to face congressional vote this week
ukraine 's political crisis enters third week with opposition calling for continuous protest
two candidates in widely different mood as ukraine holds presidential re @-@ election
thai prime minister thaksin still expected to win next february 's election
bush recognizes iraqi troop training needs to be improved and fully supports rumsfeld
bush has also admitted that the training results of iraqi security forces are a mixed bag .
international aid pours in but time not on tsunami victims ' side
statistics show the death toll has reached nearly 150,000 .
an unprecedented international relief effort is underway .
world leaders tour sri lanka to assess tsunami damage
german foreign minister fischer is due in sri lanka by the weekend .
bush : us set to boost peace efforts after palestinian election
" observers of the election have described the election as free and fair . "
he will succeed arafat as chairman of the palestinian self @-@ rule government .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes sickness among children
the study quoted by nature focused on children in the altai republic .
the altai republic is located in a mountainous region on the southern fringes of siberia .
eurozone indicators show core inflation under control
core inflation figures will be released together with the consumer prices figures .
un announces establishment of global disaster warning system
but the un statement is largely symbolic .
the unesco is leading the effort to set up a global disaster warning system .
world 's first bird flu virus h5n1 rapid diagnostic kits successfully developed in shantou
besides toledo , bolivian president mesa also attended the meeting .
chinese navigation festival to be introduced
zheng he is a world famous navigator .
the badge for the commemorative activities was released on the 8 th in beijing .
taiwan province has designated july 11 th as the navigation festival .
adb offers loan to support shanxi 's use of coalbed and coalmine methane for power generation
some 410,000 people in the jincheng area will benefit .
shanxi 's coal production accounts for around 1 @/@ 3 of the nation 's total .
methane is 21 times more potent than carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas .
however , the inscription has been confirmed to have been carved to it later .
the claim has been rejected by avigad himself .
police will indict some of the people involved in the case next week .
renowned chinese musicians present new year 's concert in hangzhou
the musicians ' rigorous approach made the new year 's concert a success .
they represent the highest level of chinese playing european music .
the performance in hangzhou marks the orchestra 's first trip to the mainland .
he has also won the world championship seven times .
i feel very , very fit now .
to be perfectly honest , i 'm much younger than 36 .
i play soccer with my colleagues quite often , with people like alonso .
i 'm still very fond of the sport . "
hainan province 's fixed asset investment to reach 34 billion yuan in 2005
meanwhile , yushchenko and his assistants discussed issues concerning the establishment of a new government .
however , he has not set a definite time limit for the dismantling action .
china seized 186 tons of american beef
at this moment , the mad cow disease has not been found in any city or anywhere in china .
bush praises nasa 's mars mission
nakamura has a son , who is now working as a university professor of modern arts.
u.s. backs japan to build iter
from a technical standpoint of view , you are offering a superior site " .
south korea stepped up quarantine to contain bird flu
health officials have detected the bird flu virus in this area on monday .
japan targets a balanced budget within 10 years
tokyo stock exchange has approved shinsei bank listing
the offer price will be decided on february 9 .
more than ten thousand marched in anti @-@ nuclear protests in paris
the interior ministry in france oversees police works in cities .
suicide bomb killed 23 , wounded 95 in baghdad
this latest casualty report has raised the dead toll by another three .
iraqi insurgents use advanced weapons against u.s. helicopters
carter praised dean on eve of democratic iowa caucus
a small plane crashed into a residential area in japan , killing all 3 people onboard
the kindergarten is only 100 meters from the crash site .
that would cause a major fire . "
the cause of the accident was not immediately clear .
i believe your line of business was very busy in the past year .
thank you ladies and gentlemen .
i have to reiterate -- the vast majority of hong kong people are patriotic .
we look forward to an early decision by the security council .
we have a common understanding -- children are the future of the world .
it is necessary to give consideration to short term needs and long term targets .
there should be different focal points in different phases .
rusedski holds the second place in men 's professional tennis in britain .
rusedski swore that he would " fight this injustice to the end " .
he insisted that he did not use any banned drugs to enhance performance .
syria believed that was only an act for the news .
the u.s. government expressed its dissatisfaction to brazil 's reaction several times already .
amorin also asked u.s. to adopt reciprocal actions .
airbus to deliver over 30 planes to china this year
china imported the first airbus in 1985 .
a cross province robbery @-@ murder gang stands trial in anhui , china
china : breakthrough in cryo @-@ preservation at ultra @-@ low temperature and replantation of a severed finger
however , we have seen nothing up till now . "
he believed the deflation in hong kong would ease this year .
is this what is worrying the countries in northeastern asia ?
i think the answer is probably yes .
all northeastern countries in asia are in favor of maintaining a relation with north korea .
the " bmw " incident is a typical case .
however , the problem is still there .
second , we can look at foreign affairs involving taiwan .
the stands of these countries are opened and clear . therefore , the answer is obvious .
one billion children suffer from war , poverty and aids
dispute over past work remains ; oliver stone seeks peace with turkey
the film was based on the memoirs of billy hayes .
the film is also rife with horrific prison scenes of rape and torture .
mourners attend funeral of philippine political figure poe
sixty @-@ five @-@ year @-@ old poe was a defeated presidential candidate .
poe died on december 14 th after suffering a stroke .
ait and ccnaa sign lease for new ait building site in neihu today
thousands of worshippers head to bethlehem for christmas midnight mass
putin claims purchase of major assets of yukos to protect national interest
i think the move is absolutely normal . "
japan 's ministry of internal affairs and communications to launch telecommuting trial to reduce office life pressures
nightclub fire in argentine capital kills at least 169 wounds 375
un : relief materials could take weeks to reach tsunami victims in aceh
tsunami relief efforts mask backstage political wrestling
white house says iraqi election will be flawed
bureaucracy hits tsunami refugees twice
zeng qinghong reportedly paid visit to zhao ziyang before the latter 's death
zhao ziyang 's wife , liang boqi , is 86 now .
beijing hiv positive cases rise by 40 % annually
experts propose introducing news spokesman system for minors in china
he also called on overseas iraqis to actively take part in the iraqi election .
so far , iran has not confirmed if it will attend the meeting .
" i called the hotel doctor who checked me out .
chinese government enacts " regulations on railway transportation safety and protection "
beijing announces 7 safety management regulations for " crowded public places "
russia reiterates adherence to one @-@ china position
china proposes " major research programs " for next 15 years
real estate price increases in shanghai retreated by nearly 7 % last year
the amount of space sold was 31.5887 million square meters , down 9.5 % .
two light planes crashed in a collision in new zealand
said major general peng guangqian , a research fellow with the chinese military academy of sciences .
peng guangqian said .
china releases report on polar exploration for first time
soa director sun zhihui said .
sun zhihui said .
he said .
chairman castro warmly welcomed state counselor chen zhili 's visit to cuba .
the friendly exchange between the people of china and cuba has a very long history .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
waste oil spill accident on beijing @-@ harbin highway ; section of road closed
at present police are after another suspect .
hebei to have free , voluntary and confidential aids testing
supervision against extracting confessions through torture still focus of work for ministry of public security
heilongjiang to push songhua river water pollution ecological impact assessment and countermeasures project
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and inks the agreement
chilean ambassador to china cabrera among others attended the signing ceremony .
housing prices in shanghai continued to slide .
however , the agriculture department said that denmark still cannot afford to be off guard .
eleven villages urgently evacuated in philippines to prepare against another landslide
so far 109 people have been found dead while another 57 people were rescued .
nearly 500 people dead in monsoon floods in india
wimbledon tennis tournament : djokovic forfeits , nadal through to final
un envoy calls nuclear talks , iran 's attitude still inflexible
he made this remark after heinonen arrived in tehran .
state of emergency period ends ; palestinian prime minister fayyad to form new government
the emergency government 's authority expires today .
north and south korea reach agreement over cooperation in developing light industry and exploiting underground resources
chinanews . com , july 8
venezuelan president chavez says he will make major cuts in the salaries of high @-@ level civil servants
he said there will be major cuts in the salaries of high @-@ level civil servants .
the leaders of peru , bolivia and other countries have all cut their own pay .
us supports pakistani government in ousting extremists
he expressed " serious concern " over this .
us hopes for full enforcement of agreement on north korea nuclear issue
climate change leads to rapid shrinking of alps glacier
the heat wave in 2003 alone caused the alps glacier to melt by 1.8 %
photo of the 23 @-@ kilometer @-@ long aletsch glacier
photo by liu jun
russia 's security service accuses exiled oligarch berezovsky of " plotting to launch a coup d'etat "
nato does not rule out cooperation with the us on the issue of anti @-@ missile systems
number of reports of adverse reactions caused by diabetic medicine , avandia , increases sharply
consequently , the safety of avandia has received close attention by doctors and patients .
us wishes to restart middle east peace talks
abbas says the plo central committee will discuss the issue of bringing forward the palestinian general election
solana reaffirmed the eu 's support for abbas as well as the palestinian people .
jiangxi to present awards to health professionals who have put down roots in the countryside for 30 years
us department of defense reconsiders plans to reduce us troops in europe
the report recommended halting the plan to reduce us troops in europe .
this system will also be gradually rolled out nationwide .
armed police to change into 07 @-@ series uniform from august 1
the armed police will be issued with their 07 @-@ series uniform over 3 years .
december 2009 is when soldiers will be issued with their everyday winter clothing .
drill uniforms will gradually be issued from 2008 in line with the seasons .
a north china sea fleet repair brigade fully allocates its r & r quota to sailors
staff writer
this both saved money and won the support of the officers and men .
the labor dispute arbitration commission of hubei province is currently trying this case .
an excessively short rope will affect the boxers ' dodging movements . "
if we had known earlier , we would have brought one from cuba . "
china has accused the dalai lama of instigating the anti @-@ china protests in tibet .
the united states is prepared to make every effort to provide assistance . "
asian countries have also committed to help .
masahiko komura said that japan rescue teams were standing by .
those two years were the period with the most progress . "
the government accountability office is an investigative agency under the congress .
this is worrisome , because heavy weaponry was used in the downtown battles . "
the rest of our personnel remain there to perform their duties . "
bush received a high @-@ standard welcome .
alvarez is currently serving a prison term in florida for illegal possession of weapons .
by contrast , the market value of microsoft is $ 279.3 billion .
other brazilian firms are also listed in the survey 's ranking .
he stressed that a weakening u.s. dollar was driving prices up .
this is an extremely controversial topic in brazil .
the total length of 27 kilometers is expected to be completed within three hours .
yet the federal government also influences educational policy .
the bush administration 's educational policy is the no child left behind act .
state governments determine whether the schools have reached the standard based on the examination results .
sichuan deyang city , ying hua town , ying feng chemical plant dormitory .
they also cooperated with the capital normal university to interpret the data .
for more than 40 years , the farc has been fighting against the colombian government .
fifth , other circumstances identified by the csrc .
we also hope the majority of netizens would remain vigilant . "
the olympic torch passed through two cities today .
in the morning , the torch was being relayed in suzhou .
" what the four cities need is an effective interacting mechanism . "
this was the first time ma lin won a championship in japan .
in 1975 , chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the haicheng earthquake accurately .
receiving agencies implemented directional donations of donors according to their wishes .
on the 27 th , overseas rescuers entered the irrawaddy river delta in myanmar .
the windstorm disaster had caused 133,000 people to lose their lives or disappear .
myanmar needs the specialized knowledge of international experts to speed up emergency rescue efforts .
for this sake , arats sent out the aforesaid invitation .
and now , almost everyone would like me to defend the championship . "
however , the gold etf market presents a completely contrary picture .
every team has a core , qatar is no exception .
emerson was the absolute core of the qatari team before .
fabio , a native of brazil , wears number 11 qatari team jersey .
schools , teachers , and students from across the country may participate voluntarily .
this year 's theme is " the last witnesses " .
two primary schools in liangping county collapsed , killing four students .
and made outstanding contributions to defend national property and people 's lives and safety .
at 7 a.m. , the olympic torch set out from beilun port in ningbo .
the total distance of the torch relay was 12.8 kilometers .
with this , she also brought the whole world to stand together with her .
by bribing the all @-@ taiwan representatives of the party .
in china , waseda university is a well @-@ known name .
and it is the tradition of waseda university to orient itself to asia .
all disciplines of chinese study need to be found at waseda university .
" we should raise the remunerations of model workers . "
he said , " people are nostalgic for soviet times .
we are a new generation , and we missed the whole soviet era .
we want to see the great military glory of russia again . "
ms. huang is pursuing a degree at new york university .
based on which country 's laws will the divorce lawsuit be ruled ?
to whom will the child be awarded ?
ms. huang talked about a personal experience .
i especially like the mascots of the beijing olympic games .
therefore , i feel that i am close to beijing .
china fever , chinese language fever are in the ascendant .
his campaigning camp announced a symbolic revisit to iowa on that day .
relatively speaking , the chinese was not as apparent .
the move had stirred up strong resentment among the workers .
operation of trains , buses , and subways across france was all disrupted .
moreover , postal industry and national broadcasting sector were also affected .
the demonstration was held in paris and at least 126 other cities .
union leaders claimed that 700,000 people had participated in the strike .
yet , the data released by the police was 296,000 .
the shenzhen police have made all preparations for the safety and protection involved .
each donation has a moving story .
identification of the bodies and rescue were carried out simultaneously .
at present , 16 rescued students have been sent to the hospital .
loudspeakers were set up for timely broadcasting of early warnings .
the helicopters landed at zuwan village , shuimo town , and heba village successively .
at this moment , their hearts were filled with all sorts of feelings .
it was well beyond lunch time .
however , the crew did not stop but took off for another mission .
our country 's reform in telecommunication system began with " china unicom " .
qiu defu kept lowering the flight altitude .
applause then broke out inside and out of the ward .
yang qingpu made a prompt decision to save the woman first !
it was raining heavily at that moment , and the temperature suddenly dropped .
japan is the world 's third largest grain importer .
the proposal received a response from switzerland .
however , hamas ' patience will not last for too long .
chapter two conclusion and implementation of labor contract .
" one world , one dream . "
the olympic games is a commonwealth of all humanity .
at present , the 15 tourists have left safely by airplane .
currently , follow @-@ up work for the accident is underway .
as the sole presidential candidate , suleiman won 118 votes .
the u.s. department of commerce will announce relevant official statistics in the coming week .
besides , various enterprises may also be cutting spending .
the local television station reported that the court adopted strict security measures .
therefore , there is no impact on production in tianjin .
the investment is about rmb seven billion yuan .
