the government will never involve in the search for conspiracy . "
our position will always aimed at protecting our national interests . "
his murder victim turned out to be his former teacher .
this case set off a mighty uproar among the locals .
the nightmare took place on may 28 of this year .
as ordinary readers or audience , people are naturally curious about her encounter .
over here , all dogs wear a muzzle and are led by their owner .
however , dogs are after all not toys without a life .
we are deeply saddened and sorry for the passing of mr. fok .
i believe there is a detail that worth mentioning .
this phenomenon is especially obvious in the cold winter .
the most beautiful scar on earth will probably disappear .
the practical issue that local residents face is to extricate themselves from poverty .
i never thought that it was in reality an " extended welcome . "
it was not to make the atmosphere even more imposing .
there were at least three states in germany where electricity stopped .
there have been no reports of damages so far .
" what caused the returning tide of troubles in the mines ? "
this was the topic of an investigative piece on the xinhua website yesterday .
why did the tide return ?
the report provided a detailed analysis and clearly laid out several causes .
joined the chinese communist party in the winter of the same year .
the new china and african countries formally established diplomatic ties 50 years ago .
this was the first illegal hunting conviction in chengdu city .
april and may of each year is the season when birds are born .
the notice immediately received warm response after it was issued .
mafia head killedaustralian police concerned it will lead to a chain reaction of retaliation
repairing tense diplomatic relationshigh @-@ level two @-@ day talks between china and japan ended
distribution rights for the documentary an inconvenient truth change hands
the u.s. house passes a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program
latin jazz pioneer ray barretto has died he has died at the age of 76
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
xinhua news agency , reporters zhao qing and yang shilong
a victory in one general election means the beginning of the next general election .
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
the five main coastal areas benefiting from the policies are : ...
dalian 's changxin island port adjacent industrial zone , ...
liaoning dandong industrial park , ...
... and dalian huayuankou industrial park .
the reporter saw people on potsdam street holding signs looking to purchase movie tickets .
burundi president : former rebels to join military command
north korea reported to allow us delegation to visit nuclear facilities in yongbyon
us waiting for israeli explanation of settlement plan in golan heights
however , israel 's reply failed to fully clear the us doubts .
he reiterated washington 's opposition to any new israeli settlement activities .
the occupation measure has been criticized by many arab states as illegal .
the united states is seeking a north korea promise to give up its nuclear weapon project .
priest brings government to court over school ban on aids children
who experts return to guangzhou to investigate sars source
iraqi police and british troops kill 6 civilians in unemployed mass protest
nine people were killed in the incident .
liberia 's largest rebel group sees deeper rift in command
us expects asian countries to shake off mad cow disease panic
bush narrowly saves free trade zone plan in american summit
iran 's political crisis intensifies as reformists threaten government collective resignation
democratic party says baghdad bombing proves us ' iraq policy failure
dean has made the anti @-@ iraq war as a major topic in his election campaign .
democratic party accuses bush of creating new axis of evils
however , gaddafi never gave up under heavy pressures .
one of the top agendas of the meeting is to discuss the cross @-@ atlantic relations .
this is a new trend that is worth paying attention to and study .
the two world wars are the proofs .
three killed in vehicle collision in zhejiang
then there was a heavy fog blocking the sight .
they have also brought relief materials such as plastic sheets and tents .
the american food culture has long been more or less rejected in france .
in france , it will serve customers with both paper and porcelain cups .
however , the united states did not follow the wto ruling .
however , there is lots of annoyance about topping the standings on everything .
however , things have changed over the past one or two years .
having such doubts , we no longer talk with ease .
however , he has also prepared himself an out .
cheney is 63 years old and has suffered four heart attacks .
triggering tensions between east and west , crisis in ukraine will become an osce topic
bush to face big test as intelligence reform bill goes for a vote at congress this week
political crisis in ukraine enters third week as opposition calls for continued protests
two candidates of two entirely different moods in ukraine 's presidential re @-@ run
thai premier thaksin still expected to win elections in february next year
bush admits need to step up training for iraqi troops and vigorously defends rumsfeld
bush also acknowledged that training iraqi security forces had mixed results .
time is running against tsunami victims as international relief aid pours in
according to statistics , the death toll has climbed to nearly 150,000 .
the international relief effort of the largest scale in history is still underway .
world leaders arriving to tour disaster @-@ hit sri lanka
german foreign minister fischer is scheduled to arrive in sri lanka by the weekend .
bush : us to step up peace efforts after palestinian elections
the election observers described the elections as free and fair . "
he will succeed arafat to become the president of the palestinian self @-@ rule government .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes sickness among children
the study cited by the science journal nature mainly studies the children in altai republic .
altai republic is located in the mountainous region on the fringes of siberia .
eurozone data to show core inflation under control
core inflation figures will be released together with consumer prices figures .
a global disaster warning system to be set up , un announces
however , this un statement is largely symbolic only .
the unesco is spearheading the establishment of a global disaster warning system .
world 's first quick diagnostic kit for bird flu virus h5n1 developed in shantou
in addition to toledo , bolivian president mesa also attended the meeting .
china ready to establish a sailing festival
zheng he was a world @-@ renowned navigator .
the logo for the commemorative events was revealed in beijing on the 8 th .
taiwan province has already established july 11 as sailing festival day .
adb loan supports power generation using cbm and cmm in shanxi
it will benefit about 410,000 people in the area of jincheng .
shanxi 's coal output accounts for one third of the nation 's total .
the greenhouse effect of methane is 21 times that of carbon dioxide .
however , the inscription was identified as being later added .
avigad himself denied this allegation .
the police will indict some of the parties involved next week .
renowned chinese musicians perform at hangzhou new year concert
the new year concert was a success due to the artists ' fine efforts .
they represent the standard for chinese performers playing european classical music .
this performance in hangzhou was the orchestra 's first journey to mainland china .
he also won the annual championship seven times .
i feel i am very fit right now .
to be honest , i feel i am much younger than 36 .
i often play soccer with my colleagues like alonso .
i still enjoy this sport very much . "
fixed asset investment to reach 34 billion yuan in hainan province in 2005
in the meantime , yushchenko and his aides discussed reorganizing the new government .
but he did not specify a timeline for the tent removal .
china seizes 180 tons of us beef
so far , no mad cow case has been reported all around china .
bush speaks highly of nasa 's mars mission
nakamura has a son who is now a university modern artist professor .
us openly supports building nuclear fusion reactor in japan
in terms of technology , you can offer an excellent site . "
south korea strengthens quarantine to strictly prevent bird flu from spreading
health ministry officials found the bird flu virus in this region on monday .
japan sets target of balanced budget in 10 years
tokyo exchange approves shinsei bank 's application for listing
the initial public offering price will be determined on february 9 .
thousands march in paris to protest against nuclear
france 's interior ministry is in charge of the police in all cities .
baghdad suicide bombing leaves 23 dead , 95 wounded
the latest casualty report has brought three more to the death toll .
iraqi guerrillas attack us army helicopters with hi @-@ tech weapons
carter commends dean before us democratic preliminary election in iowa state
japanese light plane crashes in residential area , killing three on board
the kindergarten is only 100 meters away from the crash site .
it was sure to lead to a big fire . "
so far , the cause of the accident is still not clear .
i believe that our counterparts have also been very busy over the past year .
thank you all .
i 'd like to reiterate that most of the hong kong residents love their country .
we are expecting the security council to make a decision at an earlier possible date .
we have common understanding that children are the future of the world .
to give consideration to the relationship of both the short @-@ term and long @-@ term objectives .
there should be different focuses in different phases .
rusedski is britain 's no. 2 man 's tennis player .
rusedski has vowed to " fight to the end " for the injustice .
he has firmly denied any use of forbidden drugs to enhance performance .
syria has regarded it as only a play of news .
the us government has expressed dissatisfaction over the brazilian move several times .
but amorim also asked the us to take the same action .
airbus to deliver over 30 civilian planes to china this year
china introduced its first airbus plane in 1985 .
cross @-@ province robbery and murder gang tried in anhui
china makes breakthrough in preserving severed limbs in ultra low temperature and replantation
" but so far , we haven't seen anything . "
he believed that deflation in hong kong would turn better this year .
is this what currently worries northeastern asian countries ?
i think the answer is perhaps affirmative .
all the northeastern asian countries support maintaining exchanges with north korea .
the incident of " bmw " is more typical .
however , the problem is still there .
secondly , look at the diplomacy concerning taiwan .
since these countries ' stances are open , the answer is very clear .
more than one billion children worldwide ravaged by war , poverty and aids
oliver stone wants to seek peace with turkey in spite of lingering dispute over old screenplay
the movie was based on the memoirs of billy hayes .
the movie is also filled with horrific prison scenes of rape and torture .
crowds of mourners attend funeral for philippine politician poe
poe , 65 , had unsuccessfully run for president .
poe died of a stroke on december 14 .
ait and tecro sign lease today for new building site in neihu
thousands of pilgrims rush to attend christmas eve mass in bethlehem
putin claims taking over main asset of yukos was for protecting national interest
and i consider this perfectly normal . "
japan 's mic pilots telecommuting to reduce office stress on families
at least 169 dead and 375 injured in nightclub blaze in capital of argentina
un : relief supplies weeks away for aceh survivors
behind tsunami catastrophe relief efforts lies political jostle
iraqi election will be flawed , white house says
tsunami victims hit anew , this time by bureaucracy
zeng qinghong said to have visited zhao ziyang before his death
liang boqi , zhao ziyang 's wife , is 86 .
beijing 's hiv cases rise 40 % annually
experts propose establishing a media spokesperson system for chinese youth
he also urged iraqi expatriates to actively participate in the iraqi elections .
iran has so far not yet clearly said whether it will attend this meeting .
i called the hotel doctor who gave me some preliminary treatment .
chinese government promulgates " regulations on safety and protection of railroad transportation "
beijing simultaneously issues seven regulatory safety codes regarding " crowded venues "
russia reiterates sticking to its one @-@ china position
china comes up with an " important science and research plan " for future 15 years
the increase rate of housing prices fell nearly 7 % in shanghai last year
the area of housing sold was 31.5887 million square meters , and decreased 9.5 % .
two light aircrafts crashed in new zealand
said major general peng guangqian , a research fellow at china 's military science academy .
said peng guangqian .
china issues a polar @-@ region exploration report for the first time
sun zhihui , the head of the state ocean bureau , said :
said sun zhihui .
he said .
chairman castro enthusiastically welcomed national affairs committee member chen zhili to visit cuba .
there is a long history of friendly exchanges between the cuban and chinese people .
cuba is the first latin american country to have established diplomatic relations with new china .
accident occurred on jingha highway , some parts of road closed because of leaked waste oil
the police are searching for another suspect at present .
aids test will be free , voluntary , and confidential in hebei
working priority of public security ministry still focused on supervision and investigation on forcing confessions by torture
heilongjiang develops assessment and strategy projects for water pollution impacts of songhua river on ecological environment
wu bangguo attended the signature ceremony and signed the agreement
ambassador of the chilean embassy in china cabrera and others attended the signature ceremony .
housing prices in shanghai continued to fall .
but an agricultural department stated that denmark still cannot lower its guard .
11 villages hurriedly evacuated in case mudslide occurs again
at present , 109 people have been found dead and 57 people have been rescued .
nearly 500 people dead in india 's monsoon flooding
djokovic withdraws from wimbledon tennis championship ; nadal advances to finals
un special envoy opens nuclear negotiations ; iran maintains tough stance
his comments came after heinonen arrived in tehran .
state of emergency ends ; palestinian prime minister fayyad to set up new government
the authority of the emergency government ends today .
north and south korea reach agreement on launching cooperation in light industry and underground resource exploration
chinanews . com , july 8
venezuelan president chavez says there will be big cuts in salaries for high @-@ level government employees
he said there will be a big salary cut for high @-@ level government employees .
leaders of countries such as peru and bolivia have all reduced their own salaries .
us supports pakistani government in driving out extremists
he expressed " a lot of concern " over this .
united states hopes to have full execution of agreement on north korean nuclear issue
weather changes cause alps glaciers to shrink rapidly
the heat wave in 2003 alone melted 1.8 % of the alps glaciers .
the picture shows the 23 @-@ kilometer aletsch glacier .
photograph by liu jun
russian security bureau charges exiled oligarch berezovksy with " secretly initiating a political coup "
nato does not preclude cooperation with the united states on the anti @-@ missile system issue
reports of adverse reaction caused by diabetes drug avandia increase greatly in number
as a result , the safety of avandia came under close scrutiny from doctors and patients .
us wants to reopen middle east peace talks
abbas says the plo central committee will discuss the issue of an early election in palestine
solana reaffirmed the eu 's support of abbas and the palestinian people .
jiangxi to award prize to health practitioners who have made the countryside their home for 30 years
us department of defense reconsiders plan to cut american troops posted in europe
the report suggested terminating the plan to reduce us troops posted in europe .
this system will also be progressively launched across the entire country .
armed police force changes to 07 style uniform from august 1
the armed police 07 style uniform will be issued over 3 years .
winter service uniforms will be issued to rank and file soldiers in december 2009 .
training uniforms will be gradually issued with the seasons , starting in 2008 .
r & r quota of a north china sea fleet maintenance battalion allocated entirely to soldiers
staff report
this both saved expenditures and won the support of officers and soldiers .
the hubei province labor dispute arbitration committee is currently examining this case .
ropes that are too short will affect the boxers ' dodging movements . "
if we had known earlier , we would have brought some from cuba . "
china has accused the dalai lama of instigating the anti @-@ china protests in tibet .
the united states is prepared to make every effort to provide assistance . "
asian countries have also committed to help .
masahiko komura said that japan rescue teams were standing by .
those two years were the period with the most progress . "
the government accountability office is an investigative agency under the congress .
this is worrisome , because heavy weaponry was used in the downtown battles . "
the rest of our personnel remain there to perform their duties . "
bush received a high @-@ standard welcome .
alvarez is currently serving a prison term in florida for illegal possession of weapons .
by contrast , the market value of microsoft is $ 279.3 billion .
other brazilian firms are also listed in the survey 's ranking .
he stressed that a weakening u.s. dollar was driving prices up .
this is an extremely controversial topic in brazil .
the total length of 27 kilometers is expected to be completed within three hours .
yet the federal government also influences educational policy .
the bush administration 's educational policy is the no child left behind act .
state governments determine whether the schools have reached the standard based on the examination results .
sichuan deyang city , ying hua town , ying feng chemical plant dormitory .
they also cooperated with the capital normal university to interpret the data .
for more than 40 years , the farc has been fighting against the colombian government .
fifth , other circumstances identified by the csrc .
we also hope the majority of netizens would remain vigilant . "
the olympic torch passed through two cities today .
in the morning , the torch was being relayed in suzhou .
" what the four cities need is an effective interacting mechanism . "
this was the first time ma lin won a championship in japan .
in 1975 , chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the haicheng earthquake accurately .
receiving agencies implemented directional donations of donors according to their wishes .
on the 27 th , overseas rescuers entered the irrawaddy river delta in myanmar .
the windstorm disaster had caused 133,000 people to lose their lives or disappear .
myanmar needs the specialized knowledge of international experts to speed up emergency rescue efforts .
for this sake , arats sent out the aforesaid invitation .
and now , almost everyone would like me to defend the championship . "
however , the gold etf market presents a completely contrary picture .
every team has a core , qatar is no exception .
emerson was the absolute core of the qatari team before .
fabio , a native of brazil , wears number 11 qatari team jersey .
schools , teachers , and students from across the country may participate voluntarily .
this year 's theme is " the last witnesses " .
two primary schools in liangping county collapsed , killing four students .
and made outstanding contributions to defend national property and people 's lives and safety .
at 7 a.m. , the olympic torch set out from beilun port in ningbo .
the total distance of the torch relay was 12.8 kilometers .
with this , she also brought the whole world to stand together with her .
by bribing the all @-@ taiwan representatives of the party .
in china , waseda university is a well @-@ known name .
and it is the tradition of waseda university to orient itself to asia .
all disciplines of chinese study need to be found at waseda university .
" we should raise the remunerations of model workers . "
he said , " people are nostalgic for soviet times .
we are a new generation , and we missed the whole soviet era .
we want to see the great military glory of russia again . "
ms. huang is pursuing a degree at new york university .
based on which country 's laws will the divorce lawsuit be ruled ?
to whom will the child be awarded ?
ms. huang talked about a personal experience .
i especially like the mascots of the beijing olympic games .
therefore , i feel that i am close to beijing .
china fever , chinese language fever are in the ascendant .
his campaigning camp announced a symbolic revisit to iowa on that day .
relatively speaking , the chinese was not as apparent .
the move had stirred up strong resentment among the workers .
operation of trains , buses , and subways across france was all disrupted .
moreover , postal industry and national broadcasting sector were also affected .
the demonstration was held in paris and at least 126 other cities .
union leaders claimed that 700,000 people had participated in the strike .
yet , the data released by the police was 296,000 .
the shenzhen police have made all preparations for the safety and protection involved .
each donation has a moving story .
identification of the bodies and rescue were carried out simultaneously .
at present , 16 rescued students have been sent to the hospital .
loudspeakers were set up for timely broadcasting of early warnings .
the helicopters landed at zuwan village , shuimo town , and heba village successively .
at this moment , their hearts were filled with all sorts of feelings .
it was well beyond lunch time .
however , the crew did not stop but took off for another mission .
our country 's reform in telecommunication system began with " china unicom " .
qiu defu kept lowering the flight altitude .
applause then broke out inside and out of the ward .
yang qingpu made a prompt decision to save the woman first !
it was raining heavily at that moment , and the temperature suddenly dropped .
japan is the world 's third largest grain importer .
the proposal received a response from switzerland .
however , hamas ' patience will not last for too long .
chapter two conclusion and implementation of labor contract .
" one world , one dream . "
the olympic games is a commonwealth of all humanity .
at present , the 15 tourists have left safely by airplane .
currently , follow @-@ up work for the accident is underway .
as the sole presidential candidate , suleiman won 118 votes .
the u.s. department of commerce will announce relevant official statistics in the coming week .
besides , various enterprises may also be cutting spending .
the local television station reported that the court adopted strict security measures .
therefore , there is no impact on production in tianjin .
the investment is about rmb seven billion yuan .
