the government will never involve in the search for conspiracy . "
our position will always aimed at protecting our national interests . "
his murder victim turned out to be his former teacher .
this case set off a mighty uproar among the locals .
the nightmare took place on may 28 of this year .
as ordinary readers or audience , people are naturally curious about her encounter .
over here , all dogs wear a muzzle and are led by their owner .
however , dogs are after all not toys without a life .
we are deeply saddened and sorry for the passing of mr. fok .
i believe there is a detail that worth mentioning .
this phenomenon is especially obvious in the cold winter .
the most beautiful scar on earth will probably disappear .
the practical issue that local residents face is to extricate themselves from poverty .
i never thought that it was in reality an " extended welcome . "
it was not to make the atmosphere even more imposing .
there were at least three states in germany where electricity stopped .
there have been no reports of damages so far .
" what caused the returning tide of troubles in the mines ? "
this was the topic of an investigative piece on the xinhua website yesterday .
why did the tide return ?
the report provided a detailed analysis and clearly laid out several causes .
joined the chinese communist party in the winter of the same year .
the new china and african countries formally established diplomatic ties 50 years ago .
this was the first illegal hunting conviction in chengdu city .
april and may of each year is the season when birds are born .
the notice immediately received warm response after it was issued .
mafia head killedaustralian police concerned it will lead to a chain reaction of retaliation
repairing tense diplomatic relationshigh @-@ level two @-@ day talks between china and japan ended
distribution rights for the documentary an inconvenient truth change hands
the u.s. house passes a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program
latin jazz pioneer ray barretto has died he has died at the age of 76
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
xinhua news agency , reporters zhao qing and yang shilong
a victory in one general election means the beginning of the next general election .
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
the five main coastal areas benefiting from the policies are : ...
dalian 's changxin island port adjacent industrial zone , ...
liaoning dandong industrial park , ...
... and dalian huayuankou industrial park .
the reporter saw people on potsdam street holding signs looking to purchase movie tickets .
the burundi president : the former rebellious army shall join the military leadership
it is reported that north korea has authorized the usa delegation to visit yongbyon nuclear complex
the united states of america is waiting for israel to clarify its plan on land reclamation on golan heights
however , israel 's reply cannot remove all the doubts of the usa over the issue .
he reiterates the government 's opposition to any new reclamation by israel .
this occupation act was widely criticized by the arab countries as illegitimate .
the usa is trying to have north korea promise to give up its nuclear program .
an aids suffering child is barred from school and the angry priest principal lodged a lawsuit against officials
experts from who of come to guangzhou again to investigate source of sars
the unemployed people launched protest activities . iraqi police and british troops killed 6 civilians .
9 people were killed in the incident .
rifts within the commanding system of the largest rebellious group in liberia are deepened
us wishes asian countries to get rid of the fear for mad cow disease
at the summit of american states , bush managed with difficulty to save the plan for a free trade area
political strife in iran is getting increasingly fierce and the reformists threaten to resign
the democratic party says that the baghdad bombing case is an evidence of the failure of american policies towards iraq
dean has regarded anti @-@ iraqi war as the main shaft of his running program .
the democratic party criticizes bush for creating the new axis of evil
but qaddafi refused to give in though under great pressure .
an important item on the agenda of the meeting is the trans @-@ atlantic relations .
this is a new trend worth our attention and study .
the two world wars are the evidence .
a traffic accident in zhejiang with two cars crashed into each other , 3 people killed
the road was fog @-@ locked and the visibility was poor .
they have also brought plastic films , tents and other rescue materials .
the american catering culture has always been more or less rejected in france .
in france it serves customers with both paper cups and porcelain cups .
but us has not implemented the decision of the wto .
but if you are ranked first in everything , troubles and vexations may come about .
however , in the past one or two years , things began to change again .
with these doubts , we can no longer be free and easy when we speak .
but he leaves himself an out .
cheney is 63 years old and has a record of 4 heart attacks .
ukrainian crisis creates east @-@ west tensions ; expected to be on osce meeting agenda
congress ' vote on intelligence overhaul bill this week a crucial test for bush
third week of ukrainian political crisis ; opposition party calls for a continuous resistance
two candidates face ukrainian presidential rerun in completely different mood
thai premier thaksin still expects to win february election
bush admits iraqi troops need more training - defends rumsfeld
bush also admitted that the results of the iraqi security troops training are mixed .
international aid pours in ; tsunami victims racing against time
figures showed that the death toll has reached almost 150,000 .
the largest international rescue effort in history continues .
world leaders to tour sri lankan disaster areas
german foreign minister fischer is scheduled to arrive in sri lanka by the weekend .
bush : u.s. will enhance peace efforts after palestinian election
observers of the election described it as a largely free and fair election . "
he will succeed arafat to become the chairman of the palestinian autonomous government .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes illnesses in children
this research , cited in nature , focused on children in the altai republic .
the altai republic is located in the mountainous region on the southern border of siberia .
eurozone indicators show core inflation under control
core inflation figures and consumer price index figures will be released together .
un announces implementation of global disaster alert system
however , the un statement was mostly symbolic .
unesco is heading the establishment of a global disaster alert system .
world 's first bird flu virus h5n1 strain rapid diagnostic kit successfully developed in shantou
apart from toledo , bolivian president mesa was also present at the meeting .
china set for nautical fair
zheng he was a world @-@ renowned mariner .
the logo of the commemorative activities was announced in beijing on the 8 th .
taiwan province has already established july 11 as the nautical fair .
asian development bank awards loan to support shanxi coal bed and coalfield gas power generation
the project will benefit about 410,000 people in the jincheng area .
the total coal output of shanxi constitutes about one third of the total national output .
the greenhouse effect of methane is 21 times that of carbon dioxide .
the inscription was verified to be added afterwards .
avigad personally denied such allegations .
the police will file charges against some of the people involved in the case next week .
famous chinese musicians perform at new year 's concert in hangzhou
the scrupulousness of the artists brought about the success of the new year 's concert .
they represent the level of chinese people performing european classical music .
the hangzhou performance was the orchestra 's first show in china .
he has also won seven world championships .
all in all , i feel very , very fit
and to be perfectly honest , much younger than 36 .
i play soccer with my colleagues quite often , with people like fernando alonso ,
i still enjoy the sport immensely . "
hainan 2005 fixed asset investments to reach 34 billion
meanwhile , yushchenko and his aids have held discussions on issues regarding forming a new government .
however , he did not set a definite time limit for the removal action .
china has detained 186 tons of american beef
so far no bse case has been reported in china .
bush commended nasa 's mars mission
nakamura has a son who is now a university professor of modern arts.
the us openly supports the establishment of an international thermonuclear experimental reactor in japan
technically speaking , you can supply advantageous site . "
south korea intensifies its quarantine to prevent spread of the bird flu
the officials from ministry of public health detected bird flu virus in this region on monday .
japan decides to strike budget balance within 10 years
tokyo stock exchange has approved the application of shinsei bank for listing
the price for the first open issuing will be determined on february 9 .
thousands of anti @-@ nuclear protesters march in paris
the interior ministry oversees police in french cities .
baghdad : 23 people killed and 95 injured in a suicidal bomb
the latest casualty report adds 3 persons to the death toll .
iraqi guerillas attack helicopters of the us army with hi @-@ tech weapons
carter praises dean on the eve of initial election of democratic party in iowa
japan : a small plane crashed in a residential area and 3 on board killed
the kindergarten in question is only 100 meters from the site of the plane crash .
it would inevitably cause fire . "
the cause of the accident is still unknown .
i believe you have been busy in your business last year .
thank you all .
i have to reiterate that hong kong people as a whole are patriotic .
we are looking forward to the decision of the security council in this regard as soon as possible .
we have a consensus that children are the future of the world .
it should integrate immediate needs with long @-@ term goals .
there should be different priorities at different phases .
rusedski is no. 2 man tennis player of britain .
rusedski pledges to " contend to the end " for his unjust treatment .
he denies any act of using drugs to enhance his performance .
to this syria believes it is only for news effect .
the us government has expressed their resentment against this practice of brazil on many occasions .
amorim also demanded us to take the same action .
airbus will deliver more than 30 civil planes to china again this year
the first airbus plane was introduced in china in 1985 .
a gang of trans @-@ provincial robbers and murderers are on trial in anhui province
china : breakthrough in ultra @-@ low temperature preservation of severed finger and transplantation
but up till now , we have seen nothing . "
he believes the deflation will be improved in hong kong .
is this what the northeast asian countries are worried about presently ?
i think the answer is probably affirmative .
all the northeast asian countries are in favor of engagement with north korea .
the " bmw " incident is an example in point .
nevertheless , problems remain there .
secondly , we must look at its diplomacy related to taiwan .
as the attitudes of countries are open , the answer is clear .
over 1 billion children worldwide suffer from war , poverty , and hiv @/@ aids
tumult over past work unsettled : oliver stone seeks peace with turkey
this movie was adapted from the memoirs of billy hayes .
the movie is also full of horrific prison scenes of rape and torture .
mourners join funeral procession of philippine 's political figure , poe
the 65 @-@ year @-@ old poe once ran for the presidency but was defeated .
poe died of a stroke on december 14 .
ait , terco sign lease on new building site in neihu
thousands of pilgrims flock to bethlehem for midnight mass
putin declares purchase of yuko 's major asset is to protect state interests
i consider this absolutely normal . "
japanese ministry of internal affairs and communications pilots telecommuting to reduce stress of office life
argentine capital nightclub fire killed at least 169 and injured 375
un : relief supplies won't reach aceh victims for weeks
political tug @-@ of @-@ war behind tsunami relief efforts
white house says iraqi election won't be flawless
bureaucracy blows second strike to tsunami victims
zeng qinghong believed to have visited zhao ziyang at his death bed
liang baiqi , zhao ziyang 's wife , is 86 years old .
beijing hiv @/@ aids patients increase 40 percent a year
experts suggest establishment of news spokesman system for minors in china
he also called on overseas iraqis to actively participate in the iraqi election .
at present , iran has not confirmed whether it will attend this meeting or not .
i called the hotel doctor and received initial treatment .
chinese government promulgates railway transportation safety protection regulations
beijing concurrently promulgates seven " crowded venues " safety management standards
russia reaffirms commitment to one @-@ china position
china puts forth major research programs for next 15 years
shanghai housing price growth decelerated almost seven percent last year
the area sold was 31.5887 million m2 , representing a decrease of 9.5 % .
two light aircraft crash in nz following mid @-@ air collision
said major general peng guangqian , a researcher at the chinese academy of military sciences .
peng guangqian said .
china issues its first polar exploration report
said soa director sun zhihui .
said sun zhihui .
he said .
chairman castro enthusiastically welcomed state councilor chen zhili to cuba .
friendly relations between the peoples of china and cuba were longstanding and well established .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with the new china .
portion of beijing @-@ harbin highway closed after accident leads to waste @-@ oil leak .
police are currently hunting another suspect .
aids testing in hebei made free , voluntary and confidential
surveillance of the extraction of confessions through torture is still a focus of psb work
heilongjiang presses forward with ecological and environmental impact assessment of water pollution on the songhua river and countermeasures project
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and signs agreement
chilean ambassador to china , cabrera , and others attended the signing ceremony .
housing prices in shanghai continued to drop .
but the department of agriculture said that denmark cannot yet lower its guard .
eleven villages urgently evacuated in philippines to prevent repeat of landslide disaster
currently , 109 deaths have been verified and 57 people have been rescued .
nearly 500 die in india 's monsoon floods
nadal advances into final as djokovic quits in wimbledon tennis championship
iran still tough as un envoy holds nuclear talks
his comments came after heinonen arrived in tehran .
palestinian prime minister fayyad to form new government as state of emergency expires
the mandate of the emergency government expires today .
koreas agree on cooperation in light industry sector and underground resource exploration
chinanews . com july 8
venezuelan president chavez vows to slash salaries of senior public servants
he said salaries of senior public servants would be slashed .
the leaders of peru and bolivia , among other countries , all cut their own salaries .
us backs pakistani government for expelling extremists
he expressed " great concerns " over this .
us hopes agreements on north korean nuclear issue be fully implemented
climate change leads to rapid shrink of alpine glaciers
the 2003 heatwave alone caused 1.8 percent of alpine glaciers to melt .
photo : the 23 km aletsch glacier .
photo by liu jun
russian security service charges exiled oligarch with " coup plot "
nato not excluding cooperation with us on anti @-@ missile system
reports of diabetes drug avandia causing adverse reactions increase significantly
the safety of avandia has thus been closely watched by doctors and patients .
united states wants to revive middle east peace talks
abbas : plo central council to discuss early palestinian elections
solana reiterated eu 's support to abbas and the palestinian people .
jiangxi to award health professionals rooted in rural areas for 30 years
us pentagon rethinks plan to cut us troops in europe
the report recommends halting the plan to cut us troops in europe .
the system will also roll out across the country .
armed police force to switch over to type 07 uniforms starting august 1
the armed police force type 07 uniforms will be rolled out in three years .
soldiers will receive winter service uniforms in december 2009 .
combat & training uniforms will be upgraded gradually with seasons from 2008 .
repair group of north sea fleet allocates entire recuperation quota to soldiers
pla daily
not only saving funds , but also winning the support of officers and soldiers .
hubei provincial labor dispute arbitration commission is currently hearing the case .
too short ropes will affect boxers ' shunning moves . "
" if we knew beforehand , we would have brought them from cuba . "
china has accused the dalai lama of instigating the anti @-@ china protests in tibet .
the united states is prepared to make every effort to provide assistance . "
asian countries have also committed to help .
masahiko komura said that japan rescue teams were standing by .
those two years were the period with the most progress . "
the government accountability office is an investigative agency under the congress .
this is worrisome , because heavy weaponry was used in the downtown battles . "
the rest of our personnel remain there to perform their duties . "
bush received a high @-@ standard welcome .
alvarez is currently serving a prison term in florida for illegal possession of weapons .
by contrast , the market value of microsoft is $ 279.3 billion .
other brazilian firms are also listed in the survey 's ranking .
he stressed that a weakening u.s. dollar was driving prices up .
this is an extremely controversial topic in brazil .
the total length of 27 kilometers is expected to be completed within three hours .
yet the federal government also influences educational policy .
the bush administration 's educational policy is the no child left behind act .
state governments determine whether the schools have reached the standard based on the examination results .
sichuan deyang city , ying hua town , ying feng chemical plant dormitory .
they also cooperated with the capital normal university to interpret the data .
for more than 40 years , the farc has been fighting against the colombian government .
fifth , other circumstances identified by the csrc .
we also hope the majority of netizens would remain vigilant . "
the olympic torch passed through two cities today .
in the morning , the torch was being relayed in suzhou .
" what the four cities need is an effective interacting mechanism . "
this was the first time ma lin won a championship in japan .
in 1975 , chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the haicheng earthquake accurately .
receiving agencies implemented directional donations of donors according to their wishes .
on the 27 th , overseas rescuers entered the irrawaddy river delta in myanmar .
the windstorm disaster had caused 133,000 people to lose their lives or disappear .
myanmar needs the specialized knowledge of international experts to speed up emergency rescue efforts .
for this sake , arats sent out the aforesaid invitation .
and now , almost everyone would like me to defend the championship . "
however , the gold etf market presents a completely contrary picture .
every team has a core , qatar is no exception .
emerson was the absolute core of the qatari team before .
fabio , a native of brazil , wears number 11 qatari team jersey .
schools , teachers , and students from across the country may participate voluntarily .
this year 's theme is " the last witnesses " .
two primary schools in liangping county collapsed , killing four students .
and made outstanding contributions to defend national property and people 's lives and safety .
at 7 a.m. , the olympic torch set out from beilun port in ningbo .
the total distance of the torch relay was 12.8 kilometers .
with this , she also brought the whole world to stand together with her .
by bribing the all @-@ taiwan representatives of the party .
in china , waseda university is a well @-@ known name .
and it is the tradition of waseda university to orient itself to asia .
all disciplines of chinese study need to be found at waseda university .
" we should raise the remunerations of model workers . "
he said , " people are nostalgic for soviet times .
we are a new generation , and we missed the whole soviet era .
we want to see the great military glory of russia again . "
ms. huang is pursuing a degree at new york university .
based on which country 's laws will the divorce lawsuit be ruled ?
to whom will the child be awarded ?
ms. huang talked about a personal experience .
i especially like the mascots of the beijing olympic games .
therefore , i feel that i am close to beijing .
china fever , chinese language fever are in the ascendant .
his campaigning camp announced a symbolic revisit to iowa on that day .
relatively speaking , the chinese was not as apparent .
the move had stirred up strong resentment among the workers .
operation of trains , buses , and subways across france was all disrupted .
moreover , postal industry and national broadcasting sector were also affected .
the demonstration was held in paris and at least 126 other cities .
union leaders claimed that 700,000 people had participated in the strike .
yet , the data released by the police was 296,000 .
the shenzhen police have made all preparations for the safety and protection involved .
each donation has a moving story .
identification of the bodies and rescue were carried out simultaneously .
at present , 16 rescued students have been sent to the hospital .
loudspeakers were set up for timely broadcasting of early warnings .
the helicopters landed at zuwan village , shuimo town , and heba village successively .
at this moment , their hearts were filled with all sorts of feelings .
it was well beyond lunch time .
however , the crew did not stop but took off for another mission .
our country 's reform in telecommunication system began with " china unicom " .
qiu defu kept lowering the flight altitude .
applause then broke out inside and out of the ward .
yang qingpu made a prompt decision to save the woman first !
it was raining heavily at that moment , and the temperature suddenly dropped .
japan is the world 's third largest grain importer .
the proposal received a response from switzerland .
however , hamas ' patience will not last for too long .
chapter two conclusion and implementation of labor contract .
" one world , one dream . "
the olympic games is a commonwealth of all humanity .
at present , the 15 tourists have left safely by airplane .
currently , follow @-@ up work for the accident is underway .
as the sole presidential candidate , suleiman won 118 votes .
the u.s. department of commerce will announce relevant official statistics in the coming week .
besides , various enterprises may also be cutting spending .
the local television station reported that the court adopted strict security measures .
therefore , there is no impact on production in tianjin .
the investment is about rmb seven billion yuan .
