the government will never involve in the search for conspiracy . "
our position will always aimed at protecting our national interests . "
his murder victim turned out to be his former teacher .
this case set off a mighty uproar among the locals .
the nightmare took place on may 28 of this year .
as ordinary readers or audience , people are naturally curious about her encounter .
over here , all dogs wear a muzzle and are led by their owner .
however , dogs are after all not toys without a life .
we are deeply saddened and sorry for the passing of mr. fok .
i believe there is a detail that worth mentioning .
this phenomenon is especially obvious in the cold winter .
the most beautiful scar on earth will probably disappear .
the practical issue that local residents face is to extricate themselves from poverty .
i never thought that it was in reality an " extended welcome . "
it was not to make the atmosphere even more imposing .
there were at least three states in germany where electricity stopped .
there have been no reports of damages so far .
" what caused the returning tide of troubles in the mines ? "
this was the topic of an investigative piece on the xinhua website yesterday .
why did the tide return ?
the report provided a detailed analysis and clearly laid out several causes .
joined the chinese communist party in the winter of the same year .
the new china and african countries formally established diplomatic ties 50 years ago .
this was the first illegal hunting conviction in chengdu city .
april and may of each year is the season when birds are born .
the notice immediately received warm response after it was issued .
mafia head killedaustralian police concerned it will lead to a chain reaction of retaliation
repairing tense diplomatic relationshigh @-@ level two @-@ day talks between china and japan ended
distribution rights for the documentary an inconvenient truth change hands
the u.s. house passes a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program
latin jazz pioneer ray barretto has died he has died at the age of 76
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
news analysis : canada 's new prime minister facing four major challenges
xinhua news agency , reporters zhao qing and yang shilong
a victory in one general election means the beginning of the next general election .
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
overseas chinese in spain condemn chen shuibian 's remarks on abolishing unification
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
two u.s. soldiers stationed in okinawa are prosecuted by the japanese district prosecutor 's office
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
liaoning 's coastal economy improves rapidly
the five main coastal areas benefiting from the policies are : ...
dalian 's changxin island port adjacent industrial zone , ...
liaoning dandong industrial park , ...
... and dalian huayuankou industrial park .
the reporter saw people on potsdam street holding signs looking to purchase movie tickets .
burundi president : former rebel forces to join military leadership
north korea said to have authorized u.s. delegation 's visit to yongbyon nuclear facilities
u.s. waits for israel 's clarification on plan of settlements in golan heights
however , israel 's reply failed to completely clear the u.s. suspicions .
he reiterated washington 's opposition to any new israeli settlement .
this occupying move is widely condemned by many arab countries as illegitimate .
the united states is seeking north korea 's commitment to abolishing its nuclear weapons program .
aids @-@ infected children rejected for school admission ; angry priest director takes government to court
who experts revisit guangzhou to investigate origin of sars
unemployed people staged protest ; iraqi police and british troops killed 6 civilians
nine people died in that incident .
rift deepens in command system of largest rebel group in liberia
u.s. hopes asian countries will get over fear of mad cow disease
bush barely keeps plans for a free trade area at americas summit
as political struggle escalates in iran , reformists warn government may resign en masse
democrats cite baghdad bombing as evidence of failure of u.s. policy on iraq
dean has made opposition to the iraq war a centerpiece of his campaign .
democrats attack bush for creating new axis of evil
however , qaddafi did not give in under pressures .
one of the major topics for the conference this time is transatlantic relations .
this is a new trend that warrants attention and study .
two world wars are the proofs .
traffic accident in zhejiang kills 3 as two vehicles collide
due to a thick all @-@ enveloping fog over the road , visibility was poor at the time .
they also brought shipments of plastic sheets , tents and other rescue supplies .
the american restaurant culture has always been more or less rejected by the french .
in france , starbucks will serve its customers with both paper cups and china cups .
but the united states did not implement the wto ruling .
however , being no. 1 in every area has its own share of trouble .
however , things have changed back in the past year or two .
with this uncertainty , we no longer talk in an elegant and carefree manner as we used to .
but he still left some room for himself .
cheney , 63 , has a history of four heart attacks .
east @-@ west tension over ukraine crisis to be discussed by the osce
bush 's major test : intelligence reform bill faces congress vote this week
ukraine 's political crisis enters third week , opposition calls for continued struggle
ukraine 's presidential vote rerun with two candidates in totally different moods
thai prime minister thaksin still widely expected to win general election next february
bush admits iraqi forces need to intensify training , offering support to rumsfeld
bush admitted the training of iraqi security forces produced mixed results .
as waves of international aid pour in , time increasingly unfavorable to tsunami victims
statistics show the death toll has climbed to just below 150,000 .
an unprecedented international relief effort is going on .
world leaders descending on sri lanka to inspect devastation
german foreign minister fischer is due to arrive in sri lanka on the weekend .
us to boost peace efforts after palestinian elections : bush
observers of the general election have described it as free and fair . "
he would succeed arafat as president of the palestinian authority .
russian space agency denies rocket fuel causes illness among children
the study quoted by nature science magazine focused on children in the altai republic .
the altai republic is located in a mountainous region on the fringes of siberia .
eurozone data show core inflation under control
core inflation figures are to be released with consumer prices figures .
un announces establishing global disaster warning system
but in large part , the un 's announcement is only symbolic .
unesco is spearheading the establishment of a global disaster warning system .
world 's first rapid diagnostic kit for h5n1 bird flu virus successfully developed in shantou
apart from toledo , bolivian president mesa also attended the meeting .
chinese sailing festival ready to come out
zheng he is a world @-@ famous navigator .
the logo of the commemorative activities has been released in beijing on the 8 th .
taiwan province has already designated july 11 as the sailing festival .
adb loan supports shanxi to harness coalbed and coalfield gas for power
this will benefit some 410,000 in the jincheng area .
coal output in shanxi accounts for about one third of the country 's total production .
the greenhouse effect of methane is 21 times that of carbon dioxide .
the inscription was confirmed to have been carved later .
avigad has personally denied the comment .
the police will press charges agains some people involved in this case next week .
famous musicians of chinese origin present new year 's concert in hangzhou
the rigorous attitude of the artists brought success to the new year 's concert .
they represent the level of chinese understanding and performing european classic music .
the show in hangzhou is the orchestra 's first trip to the mainland .
he has also been the champion of the year for seven times .
i feel very fit now .
to be honest , i think i 'm much younger than 36 .
i often play soccer with my colleagues , such as alonso .
i 'm still an ardent lover of this sport . "
hainan 's fixed asset investment will hit 34 billion yuan in 2005
meanwhile , yushchenko and his assistants discussed the formation of the new government .
however , he didn't specify a deadline for dismantling the camps .
china confiscates 186 tons of u.s. beef
so far , no case of mad cow disease has been reported in any part of china .
bush praises nasa 's mars mission
nakamura had a son , who is currently a college professor of modern arts.
u.s. openly backs building iter in japan
technically speaking , you can provide a superior site . "
south korea steps up quarantine against spread of bird flu
officials from ministry of health detected the bird flu virus in this zone on monday .
japan targets balanced budget in 10 years
tokyo stock exchange approves shinsei bank 's application for listing
the ipo price will be set on february 9 .
thousands march in paris in anti @-@ nuclear demonstration
the french interior ministry manages policing in all cities .
suicide bomb kills 23 and injures 95 in baghdad
the latest report of casualties added three more to the death toll .
iraqi guerrillas use high @-@ tech weapons against u.s. helicopters
carter praises dean on eve of u.s. democratic caucuses in iowa
small plane crashes into residential area in japan , killing three on board
the kindergarten is only 100 meters away from the site of the plane crash .
it would have certainly caused a huge fire . "
as of the moment , the cause of the accident is not yet clear .
i believe my colleagues must have also had a good business last year .
thank you very much .
i must reiterate that the people of hong kong as a whole are patriotic .
we expect that the security council will make the decision as soon as possible .
we share a common understanding that children are the future of the world .
it must give consideration to the relationship between immediate needs and long @-@ term goals .
different phases require different focuses .
rusedski is britain 's no. 2 tennis player for men .
rusedski vowed to " fight till the end " for his innocence .
he firmly denied having used any banned drug to enhance his performance .
syria brushed this off as mere media coverage seeking attention .
the u.s. government has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with brazil over this measure .
amorim , on the other hand , demanded that the united states take the reciprocal move .
airbus to deliver more than 30 civilian aircraft to china again this year
the first airbus aircraft was introduced into china in 1985 .
inter @-@ provincial gang of robbers and murderers arraigned in anhui
china makes breakthrough in cryogenic preservation and replantation of severed finger
yet so far we haven't seen anything . "
he said he believes the deflation in hong kong will be eased this year .
is this what the northeast asian countries are currently worried about ?
i think the answer is probably affirmative .
all northeast asian countries agree that they should keep engaging north korea .
the " bmw " incident is even more typical .
but , the problem is still there .
second , take a look at the diplomacy with taiwan .
since all countries are open about their attitudes , the answer is very clear .
over one billion children around the world tortured by war , poverty , and aids
storm over past works not calmed , oliver stone seeks peace with turkey
the film was adapted from the memoirs of billy hayes .
the film is also full of scary prison scenes of rape and torture .
sad crowd attends funeral procession of philippine political figure poe
poe , who died at 65 , was defeated in the presidential election .
poe died of a stroke on december 14 .
ait and ccnaa today sign lease on neihu site for new building
several thousand followers throng in bethlehem for christmas eve mass
putin says acquiring main asset of yukos aimed at protecting national interests
i think that is completely normal . "
japan 's ministry of internal affairs and communications tries telecommuting to reduce the stress of office life
at least 169 killed and 375 injured in nightclub blaze in argentine capital
it takes weeks to deliver relief supplies to aceh victims : un
political maneuvering hidden under righteous acts of aid for asian tsunami catastrophe
white house says iraqi elections will certainly have flaws
bureaucracy adds to the woes of tsunami survivors
zeng qinghong reportedly visited zhao ziyang before his death
zhao ziyang 's wife , liang boqi , is 86 years old .
beijing 's hiv cases rise 40 percent annually
experts proposes setting up a spokesperson system for minors in china
he also called on overseas iraqi nationals to actively participate in the iraqi elections .
iran has so far not given a clear message as to whether it will attend this conference .
i called the hotel doctor and got preliminary treatment .
chinese government promulgates regulations on protection of railway transportation safety
beijing releases seven " crowded sites " safety administrative regulations at one time
russia reaffirms support of one china position
china puts forth ' key science research plan ' for next 15 years .
scope of shanghai housing pricing growth fell nearly seven percentage points last year .
the area sold was 31,588,700 square meters , a fall of 9.5 %
two light model planes collide in new zealand
said major general peng guangqian , researcher of the china military science institute .
peng guangqian said .
china releases polar region survey reports for the first time
sun zhihui , head of the state oceanic administration said .
sun zhihui said .
he said .
chairman castro enthusiastically welcomed state council member chen zhili 's visit of cuba .
there is a long history of friendly exchanges between the two peoples of china and cuba .
cuba was the first latin american country to establish diplomatic relations with new china .
accident occurs on beijing to harbin highway waste oil leakage closes off section of road
at present the police are pursuing another suspect .
hebei implements free , voluntary , confidential aids test
censorship of torture and exhorted confessions still key task for ministry of public safety
heilongjiang pushes forward assessment of ecologic environmental effects of songhua river pollution and countermeasure projects
wu bangguo attends signing ceremony and signs agreement
chilean ambassador to china pablo cabrera and others attended the signing ceremony .
shanghai housing prices continued to fall .
however the ministry of agriculture expressed that demark still cannot be worry @-@ free .
to prevent another mountain landslide philippines urgently evacuates 11 villages
at present 109 have been discovered dead , with 57 rescued alive .
nearly 500 people killed in floods during india 's monsoon season
djokovic withdraws , nadal advances to wimbledon final
un envoy holds nuclear talks , iran still defiant
he issued the statement after heinonen arrived in tehran .
palestinian prime minister fayyad to form new government as state of emergency ends
the authority of the emergency government ended today .
north @-@ south koreas reach cooperation agreement on developing light industry and tapping underground resources
chinanews . com , july 8
venezuelan president chávez claims to implement huge salary cut to senior civil servants
he claimed to implement huge salary cut to senior civil servants .
leaders of peru and bolivia both cut their own salaries .
u.s. supports pakistan government to expel extremists
he was " very concerned " with this .
u.s. hopes for full implementation of north korean nuclear issue agreement
climate change causes rapid decline in alpine glaciers
the heat wave in 2003 alone had caused 1.8 percent of alpine glaciers to melt .
the picture shows the 23 km @-@ long aletsch glacier .
picture taken by liu jun
russian security service charges exiled magnate berezovsky with " conspiring coup "
nato does not rule out cooperation with u.s. on anti @-@ missile system
significant increase in adverse reaction reports of diabetes drug avandia
doctors and patients thus paid close attention to the safety of avandia .
u.s. hopes to reopen middle east talks
abbas said plo central council to deliberate palestine 's earlier @-@ then @-@ schedule elections
solana reiterated eu 's support to abbas and the palestinians .
jiangxi to present awards to healthcare talents with 30 year of service in rural areas
u.s. defense department reconsiders plan to cut u.s. troops in europe
the report suggested a halt to the plan to cut u.s. troops in europe .
the system will also be gradually extended across the country .
armed police force changes to wear 07 style clothing starting august 1
the 07 style clothing of the armed police will be switched and distributed over three years .
winter service uniforms will be changed and distributed to soldiers in december 2009 .
combat and training uniforms will be gradually changed and distributed with the seasons starting 2008 .
maintenance brigade of north sea fleet gives all vacation quota to soldiers
this newspaper
the measure had saved fund and won the support of the officers and soldiers .
the hubei labor dispute arbitration committee is currently hearing the case .
if the ropes are too short , it will affect the sidestep movements of boxers . "
we would have brought them from cuba if we had known . "
china has accused the dalai lama of instigating the anti @-@ china protests in tibet .
the united states is prepared to make every effort to provide assistance . "
asian countries have also committed to help .
masahiko komura said that japan rescue teams were standing by .
those two years were the period with the most progress . "
the government accountability office is an investigative agency under the congress .
this is worrisome , because heavy weaponry was used in the downtown battles . "
the rest of our personnel remain there to perform their duties . "
bush received a high @-@ standard welcome .
alvarez is currently serving a prison term in florida for illegal possession of weapons .
by contrast , the market value of microsoft is $ 279.3 billion .
other brazilian firms are also listed in the survey 's ranking .
he stressed that a weakening u.s. dollar was driving prices up .
this is an extremely controversial topic in brazil .
the total length of 27 kilometers is expected to be completed within three hours .
yet the federal government also influences educational policy .
the bush administration 's educational policy is the no child left behind act .
state governments determine whether the schools have reached the standard based on the examination results .
sichuan deyang city , ying hua town , ying feng chemical plant dormitory .
they also cooperated with the capital normal university to interpret the data .
for more than 40 years , the farc has been fighting against the colombian government .
fifth , other circumstances identified by the csrc .
we also hope the majority of netizens would remain vigilant . "
the olympic torch passed through two cities today .
in the morning , the torch was being relayed in suzhou .
" what the four cities need is an effective interacting mechanism . "
this was the first time ma lin won a championship in japan .
in 1975 , chinese earthquake scientists luckily predicted the haicheng earthquake accurately .
receiving agencies implemented directional donations of donors according to their wishes .
on the 27 th , overseas rescuers entered the irrawaddy river delta in myanmar .
the windstorm disaster had caused 133,000 people to lose their lives or disappear .
myanmar needs the specialized knowledge of international experts to speed up emergency rescue efforts .
for this sake , arats sent out the aforesaid invitation .
and now , almost everyone would like me to defend the championship . "
however , the gold etf market presents a completely contrary picture .
every team has a core , qatar is no exception .
emerson was the absolute core of the qatari team before .
fabio , a native of brazil , wears number 11 qatari team jersey .
schools , teachers , and students from across the country may participate voluntarily .
this year 's theme is " the last witnesses " .
two primary schools in liangping county collapsed , killing four students .
and made outstanding contributions to defend national property and people 's lives and safety .
at 7 a.m. , the olympic torch set out from beilun port in ningbo .
the total distance of the torch relay was 12.8 kilometers .
with this , she also brought the whole world to stand together with her .
by bribing the all @-@ taiwan representatives of the party .
in china , waseda university is a well @-@ known name .
and it is the tradition of waseda university to orient itself to asia .
all disciplines of chinese study need to be found at waseda university .
" we should raise the remunerations of model workers . "
he said , " people are nostalgic for soviet times .
we are a new generation , and we missed the whole soviet era .
we want to see the great military glory of russia again . "
ms. huang is pursuing a degree at new york university .
based on which country 's laws will the divorce lawsuit be ruled ?
to whom will the child be awarded ?
ms. huang talked about a personal experience .
i especially like the mascots of the beijing olympic games .
therefore , i feel that i am close to beijing .
china fever , chinese language fever are in the ascendant .
his campaigning camp announced a symbolic revisit to iowa on that day .
relatively speaking , the chinese was not as apparent .
the move had stirred up strong resentment among the workers .
operation of trains , buses , and subways across france was all disrupted .
moreover , postal industry and national broadcasting sector were also affected .
the demonstration was held in paris and at least 126 other cities .
union leaders claimed that 700,000 people had participated in the strike .
yet , the data released by the police was 296,000 .
the shenzhen police have made all preparations for the safety and protection involved .
each donation has a moving story .
identification of the bodies and rescue were carried out simultaneously .
at present , 16 rescued students have been sent to the hospital .
loudspeakers were set up for timely broadcasting of early warnings .
the helicopters landed at zuwan village , shuimo town , and heba village successively .
at this moment , their hearts were filled with all sorts of feelings .
it was well beyond lunch time .
however , the crew did not stop but took off for another mission .
our country 's reform in telecommunication system began with " china unicom " .
qiu defu kept lowering the flight altitude .
applause then broke out inside and out of the ward .
yang qingpu made a prompt decision to save the woman first !
it was raining heavily at that moment , and the temperature suddenly dropped .
japan is the world 's third largest grain importer .
the proposal received a response from switzerland .
however , hamas ' patience will not last for too long .
chapter two conclusion and implementation of labor contract .
" one world , one dream . "
the olympic games is a commonwealth of all humanity .
at present , the 15 tourists have left safely by airplane .
currently , follow @-@ up work for the accident is underway .
as the sole presidential candidate , suleiman won 118 votes .
the u.s. department of commerce will announce relevant official statistics in the coming week .
besides , various enterprises may also be cutting spending .
the local television station reported that the court adopted strict security measures .
therefore , there is no impact on production in tianjin .
the investment is about rmb seven billion yuan .
